okay so here's the thing I need help from 
someone who knows what they are doing I have
no idea how to work this website or do 
anything else on it, but the one thing that 
I have come to do is to find out if 
puppeteer or pipeteer is a requirement on 
a phone or a tablet or device. and I found 
out that it is not a requirement and I've 
seen it on my daughters my 7 year old 
daughter's tablet her Google Amazon fire 
tablet two or three nights ago and I've 
been seeing it on every single device 
I've had since I was before I had her so 
I signed up to be a Google beta tester 
didn't know what I was getting myself into to
be honest with you still don't and I wish 
I would have never done it but I can't take 
it back now I have removed myself from all 
those Google better beta testing whatever's
and anyways can someone please help me 
remove puppeteer puppeteer any kind of
thing like that from my Android device 
devices her tablets everything please help 
us it was made in 2017 the year she was 
born that's the year puppeteer came out it 
was just a weird coincidence and it the 
name of its creepy to me makes me think 
of puppets having control over people idk..anyway just 
please help me. my gmail account is jessnicole3485@gmail.com.
my phone number is 2052851127. im desperate.
I have been looking for seven nearly 8 years 
to get help removing this from our lives and
devices all together. I am interested in 
learning about developmental tools and building websites 
and stuff like that, but if yall want me out of here 
afterr i get this solved i will go. otherwise
im willing to learn and get all the help offered
to me, THE RIGHT WAY, instead of just 'experimenting 
on something' i have no clue about that i 
thibk os completely legal and Ok? I seriously don't pit
anything vulgar or out of the way up, i always
say im new to this and am interested in learning 
i did make a "Gravatar" lol not sure what that is 
expect someuseless page i can look up and see to
remind myself i have no earthly idea what i am
doing. its .. google@JessieJ41120.link if
anyone wants to go check it out.Im desperate 
to get this thong renoved off of our things and 
i xould sleep better knowing that burden or 
weight rather that gas been following me around for
8 years nearly will be GONE for GOOD! hope
to hear from someone ASAP i may not have much longer
out so as fast as we can possibly work 
at it would be very helpful and appreciated. 
and i don't have much money but i could possibly pay a 
small donation towards any help i receive. thanks again
and I hope to hear from you soon. good morning 
and have a wonderful restbof yalls day. 
God Bless all of you ❤️ 🙏.
